Mr. Heartland: You two want to
join the world duel carnival?
Nistro: That's right, we
want a piece of the action!
If you let us enter,
you won't be sorry.
You'd have to resign from
the organizing committee.
But if that's what
you really want.
It is Mr. Heartland.
Ok then, but if you enter,
I expect you to make it all
the way through to the finals.
Is that understood nistro?
Yes Mr. Heartland.
You don't have
to worry about that.
I have my sites
set on someone.
Interesting.
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
DEXTRA: You're going
after yuma Tsukumo?
Yeah.
Remember, he is the one
who is playing host to...
the original number!
We'll need to devise a plan.
I don't need one.
Not with a deck like mine.
Hold on.
What about the deck Mr.
Heartland gave to you?
You have to duel with that one.
I thought about using it, but
I'm not really feelin' it.
My deck's way better anyway.
And I'll prove it,
by taking down yuma and
the original number.
Before anyone else
even gets the chance.
When you're as good as me,
you don't worry about plans.
What's with the serious
look on your face?
You do realize we each have to
win all five heart
pieces in just one day.
My kind of odds dextra.
My kind of odds.
Yuma: What?
Roku went back to
the duel sanctuary?
I thought he was gonna
stick around and watch me duel.
Grandma: He forgot
an old student of
his was visiting today.
But he did say he's proud of
your decision to continue down
the path of the duelist.
I just hope I
have what it takes.
Kari: Quit it with the
self doubt already.
You're in the world
duel carnival now!
So stop worrying
and start winning.
You mean it, sis?
Lillybot: Yuma.
You must eat.
Duel fuel!
Sweet!
I'm starvin'!
thanks a lot, lillybot!
Now go out there
and high five the sky!
Impossible.
Yuma has no vertical.
Lillybot, you talk more smack
about me than my opponents!
See you guys later!
Tori: Hey yuma, how's it going?
Wow, what's up guys?
Caswell!
You're outta bed!
How're you doing?
You all better?
Caswell: Kinda. I'm not a 100%
yet, but you know, a tough guy
like me can't be
kept down for too long.
No sir.
No one pushes me around.
Flip: Yuma! We're all here to
cheer you on in the carnival!
KAT: And watch you
pounce the competition!
You guys rule!
Bronk: You know, he's a lot
stronger than he looks.
It's the last day of the world
duel carnival preliminary rounds
and time is running out!
If you want to be a part of the
finals, hurry up and win your
five heart pieces!
Now get out there and duel!
I've run the numbers
yuma and in the end,
you have a great shot
at making the finals.
The finals?
That's nuthin'.
I plan on winning
the entire carnival!
Cause I'm feeling the...
what's up, yuma?
I was just remembering my Dad
would always tell me to simply
become who I wanted to be.
Astral: Well yuma it seems that
you are certainly honoring
your father's words.
You set out to be a
world champion duelist.
And it appears your goal
is well within your grasp.
Hey, so how many heart
pieces did you collect so far?
You need five for the finals.
Uh-huh.
That's right!
And I've got these
four pieces already.
Nice!
One more and you'll move on!
Time's a tickin guys!
Yuma Needs his
final heart piece,
so we better find him
a duelist to battle!
Yea, like a really
rotten one with no ability!
But there's probably
no rotten ones left.
Then we'll just hafta'
settle for a crummy one.
Yeah, a crummy one!
Thanks for your
support. I guess...
Let me see here,
a real crummy duelist.
Yuma needs all
the help he can get,
so we gotta find
him an easy win!
That's right!
Let's all work to find yuma
a duelist that he can beat!
And this time, no catnapping.
I bet there's a really terrible
duelist hiding out in these back
alleys, just hoping
not to get discovered.
Well, I'll flip their plan
on them and tell yuma...
it's n-Nistro!
Dextra too?
I picked the wrong alley.
How did you do?
I was hoping getting these three
heart Pieces
would be a challenge.
Me too.
Quitting the carnival's
organizing committee
was the right move.
We'll have a full
set of heart pieces to
enter the finals in no time.
they entered the carnival!
Sparrow: And now,
to finish you off!
Esper Star Sparrow!
Attack with...
mega-Punch surprise!
As I promised,
I shall now resume autographing!
Girls: This is the
best day of my life!
I can't believe it's him!
Everyone Please calm
down and form a line, ok?
I promise to sign all of your...
hey you in the costume!
You look like a duelist who
might have a heart piece he's
willing to part ways with.
A heart piece?
I'm guessing you're in
the world duel carnival?
That's right and if you've got a
heart piece to help complete my
set, I'm gonna win it from ya.
I'm afraid...
I must disagree with you.
It is your heart piece that
will help me complete my set.
You see I need my fourth heart
piece, and yours will do Nicely.
Oh, I'm sure it would.
But you don't look like
someone who could win it.
Don't get cocky.
He has won three
heart pieces after all.
When you're the best,
you get to be cocky.
Whoa!
The Sparrow!
So much for me
finding a crummy duelist.
Bring it on, bird boy!
Duel disk set.
Get ready to feel the heat!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Together: Let's duel!
Flip!
You made it.
Thanks for calling
us about this duel!
SUMMER: Tori!
What are you two doing here?
Jen: We wanted a really good
view of the Sparrow's duel.
And of the Sparrow!
He's super hot!
Sparrow?
I'm not a hero.
I'm just an average
middle-School kid
from the 'burbs.
It is nice to meet you.
My name is Nelson.
Why's Nelson dueling
in his Sparrow getup?
And now fiend, I summon
the mighty and powerful
ironhammer the giant,
in defense mode!
Whoa!
Sparrow, I mean
Nelson's field is already
full of mind blowing monsters!
Indeed.
He has quite the
formidable foursome!
Recalling our own fierce duel
with the Sparrow reminds me what
an honor it was to face
such an exemplary duelist.
Sparrow!
Yuma...
Hey you guys, you gotta check
out what nistro's playing!
Wow, he's got some
powerful monsters too!
They may give Sparrow's, I mean
Nelson's, a run for their money.
Yeah, nistro's brutal!
He even quit the
carnival's organizing
committee to be able to battle!
Hey, yuma!
I'm coming for you
so watch your back!
What?
Why did he just call me out?
And why are his
monsters totally different
than when he took me on?
Perhaps he has optimized
his deck for the carnival.
However, currently the Sparrow's
monsters have the upper hand.
Esper star Sparrow,
attack heroic
challenger-Spartan directly!
Please,
that move is for the birds!
I activate my
spartan's special ability!
Heroic formation!
When my monster is attacked, its
special ability allows all the
spartans to combine
their attack points.
Oh no, the Sparrow's
goose is cooked!
Unless your friend the Sparrow
has a trick up his sleeve.
So clever.
But not as clever
as this I'm afraid!
I activate my trap
change to jet iron!
Now I tribute the Sparrow family
so that I can summon the truly
incredible dimensional jet iron!
And its attack points equal the
total attack points of the
monsters that were tributed.
Arise, dimensional jet iron!
That monster is
the cat's meow!
And now, dimensional jet iron!
Attack With Iron Phoenix!
I'm activating my trap Card
heroic guard!
With the power of this trap, by
tributing one spartan, I can
then decrease the damage I
take by its attack points.
And here's another trap for you.
Heroic retribution sword!
I can activate this trap when a
heroic challenger is destroyed.
If the monster equipped with
This sword battles your monster
that destroyed heroic
challenger, your monster is
automatically destroyed, and you
take damage equal
to its attack points.
Peck on that bird boy!
That's 8000 points of
damage for the Sparrow!
This is quite the comeback.
Not on my watch!
I activate dimensional
jet Iron's special ability!
I tribute it to bring back the
Sparrow family
from my graveyard.
Lucky for you, since
dimensional jet Iron is gone,
my sword's effect ends.
Never thought the first
challenge I've had all day
would be dressed like that!
I refuse to stoop to your level.
But suffice it to say that you
too have proven
to be a worthy foe.
However, we must get
back to the duel at hand.
For now, by summoning gairuda,
I draw one card and end my turn.
Yes!
This... this... is the most
insane, totally nuts duel ever!
My dueling Fever
is through the roof!
I can't wait to get
out there and battle!
It's payback time
you feathered freak!
My spartan wants me to get
revenge for its fallen brothers.
In order to do that, I draw!
I tribute my
spartan to summon...
Heroic challenger war hammer!
And now,
attack beast Warrior Puma!
Whoa!
That was some hit!
Puma!
Awww, poor Kitty cat.
Looks like that's one cat
that didn't have nine lives.
Very funny.
It gets funnier!
I activate warhammer's
special ability!
War Hammer equips the monster it
destroyed and gains
its attack points!
You see that?
With just one card, nistro
doubled his advantage!
That was a remarkable strategy!
Puma's attack points
will not save you!
Well they sure aren't
gonna hurt to have!
Now, I end my turn
with a facedown!
Not good 'cause the
s on
weak to take on nistro's
wicked war hammer!
You're right.
Things don't look
too good, bronk!
But somethin' tells me
we ain't seen nuthin' yet.
what am I to do?
focus!
turn things around.
what would yuma do?
when we dueled, I had him beat,
but he never stopped
believing in himself.
that's what "I" need to do now.
My turn!
I draw!
I activate the spell
card galaxy queen's light!
With this card, I can select any
monster on my field, and all
other monsters will have the
same level as the monster I
chose until the end of my turn!
Unfortunately for you I choose
my level 10 esper star Sparrow!
Galaxy Queen's light, shower my
field with your celestial power!
I overlay my 3 Level
10 monsters in order to
build the overlay network!
Now the power of the Sparrow
family will join forces so that
I can xyz summon
superdimensional
robot galaxy destroyer!
Prepare to be blasted
out of this world!
5000 attack points!
Whoa the Sparrow...
I mean Nelson, has really
stepped up his game!
Yes, quite so!
I wish I knew why Nelson
is dueling as the Sparrow.
I thought he was
through with that!
well, Well, well,
maybe I underestimated
the little bird boy.
or maybe, once I
flip over that card,
he'll find that he
underestimated me!
i have seen this
technique before.
nistro likely played the
trap card sakuretsu armor.
which means, the moment the
sparrow's monster attacks,
it instantly gets destroyed.
I activate galaxy
destroyer's special ability!
By Using one overlay unit,
all the spell and trap cards
on your field are destroyed!
Go galaxy break!
What?
Awesome!
War Hammer's attack points are
back to where they're
supposed to be!
And now, superdimensional
robot galaxy destroyer,
attack war hammer!
If this maneuver works out,
nistro's going
down for the count!
Not so fast you
costumed crackpot!
I send heroic Challenger
swordshield from my
hand to the graveyard.
When I do that, if there's 2000
or more points of damage
dealt to me in battle...
the battle damage is negated,
and my life Points become 100.
No way!
Nistro just
survived the attack!
I would have won the duel
if you didn't make that move!
Guess my victory is
going to have to wait.
Even though the Sparrow didn't
win there, nistro's down to his
last hundred life points!
Now for my comeback!
I summon heroic
challenger double Lance!
and it'll have you seeing
double, because this one counts
as two monsters
when xyz summoning!
Can it be?
So that means...
that means I overlay
two level 4 double lances!
With These two monsters,
I build the overlay
network and xyz summon
heroic champion excalibur!
It seems this duel has
taken a most wicked turn!
Now things are going to get
worse for you because I'm
activating excalibur's
special ability!
By Using one overlay unit, I
can double its attack points!
4000 attack points!
Just like that!
But Sparrow's monster has 5000!
Nistro's monster
still cannot beat it.
Now I'll really ruffle your
feathers, when I activate the
spell card heroic chance,
and excalibur's attack
points are doubled again!
It's got 8000 attack points!
And Now nistro can beat Sparrow!
Heroic champion excalibur,
attack galaxy destroyer!
Go Shark sword slash!
Impossible!
How can this be?
Oh no, Sparrow.
He lost, no way!
My wings were clipped.
Sparrow!
Now now yuma, you
know my name is Nelson.
Of course it is, but why'd
you duel as the Sparrow?
All part of my strategy.
I thought it might psych my
opponents out if they were
facing a famous, super
powerful hero like the Sparrow.
I see.
Not bad, not bad at all.
Right back at you. Guess
you earned my heart piece.
Nistro.
You quit the carnival
committee to duel?
That's right!
I needed a piece
of the action.
Seriously?
Be sure to make
the finals yuma.
I'll be waiting.
Don't let him get to you.
You know, you're the reason I
was able to go the distance!
Remember our duel?
I had you on the ropes but
you just wouldn't give up.
Hey guys!
I was just telling yuma that it
was his spirit that inspired me
to duel against all
odds with nistro.
Whoa, I really
inspired a hero?
I may play a hero on television
But your relentless spirit in a
duel makes you my
real life hero, yuma.
Whoa the Sparrow
is a tv superhero,
with bazillions of adoring fans.
But if I'm his hero,
then that means all his
fans are actually mine!
oh yuma...